{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Using XStreamRipper (XSR)
\f1\b0  \
\
XSR lets you record and listen to Internet radio stations broadcast in the popular mp3 and Ogg formats. XSR will record a broadcast by splitting the broadcast into individual songs saved as appropriate files. \
\
Supported radio station formats: \
\
1.	ShoutCast \
2.	IceCast \
\
Currently, XSR has no support for radio stations that broadcast in RealAudio, WindowsMedia, or Peercast. \
\
With XSR you can group your favourite radio stations, and keep a list of recorded songs. There isn't any management of the actual song files as most users are probably already comfortable with doing this via Finder, iTunes and iPod. \
\
To create an entry for a radio station you can \
\
1.	Drag'n'drop from iTunes, albeit one at a time... :-( \
2.	Drag'n'drop a web link to a Playlist e.g. from www.Shoutcast.com \
3.	Drag'n'drop a Playlist file (filenames end in .pls) from Finder \
4.	Create a new radio station and enter the details yourself... :-(\
\
If you're feeling lazy, you might want to try using the Tuner menu to import some radio stations straight off the web. \
\
By default, songs are saved in a directory named after the radio station. Within this directory there is a folder named 'incomplete' where songs are initially recorded. On completion, they are moved out of this directory. Many radio stations cycle through a number of songs, so duplicate recordings are likely. By defaults, duplicates are left in the 'incomplete' folder. \
\

\b Can't connect?\

\b0 - Do you have a network connection?\
- If you can't connect, please check with iTunes.  Often radio stations are very busy\
- Have you updated the URL recently?  That is, try dragging the station from iTunes again.  URLs often go "stale" (out of date)\
- Check to see if a new version of the program has been released, which may fix your problem...\
- Report it as a bug.\
\

\b Can't hear anything?\

\b0 - XSR broadcasts a relay over the network - so you could listen to the tunes on another computer, e.g. record at home, listen at work\
- Firewalls can cause problems!  One solution is to choose a free port, say, pick a number like 12345, and enter that in XSR network options.  Then, open your FireWall preferences (System Prefs) and enable this port.\
\
--- Wai (Simon) Liu, Oct 2002\
--- Yoav Yerushalmi\
Updated Mar 2007}